ReLNotes entry for new container size image (#3449)
percona/pmm: documentation/docs/release-notes/3.0.0.md

For easy adoption, Watchtower comes pre-configured in our [Easy-Install script](../quickstart.md), enabling one-step PMM setup.

### Reduced PMM container image size

> We've optimized the PMM 3 container image from 3GB to 2.65GB, reducing its size by 500MB. This reduction improves download speeds and enhances deployment reliability, particularly in environments with limited storage capacity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've optimized the PMM 3 container image from 3.1GB to 2.6GB, reducing its size by 0.5GB. This reduction improves download speeds and enhances deployment reliability, particularly in environments with limited storage capacity.
```
